for the ultimate no compromises compact
gaming PC look no further than the
obsidian series 250 d from Corsair click
now to learn more alright so the last
time we talked about thermal takes TT
eSports Poseidon we were marveling at
how inexpensive the Poseidon was
compared to competing backlit mechanical
keyboards now they're back with the
Poseidon Z a keyboard that is
functionally pretty much the same thing
that comes in at $10 cheaper so what did
they do to reduce the price even further
making it one of the least expensive
full-size mechanical backlit keyboards
on the market one word Cale no not
cabbage key switches our first Poseidon
this one right here used Cherry MX blue
switches manufactured in Germany well
our Poseidon Z uses blue switches oops
that are manufactured in China by a
company called Cale that happens to use
the same color based naming scheme and
also have a very similar internal design
to their switches because cherries
patent on their switch design has
expired
alright so then what is the difference
well functionally not much the two
keyboards are basically the same thing
it's got a fairly plain-jane design with
no real alterations to a standard 140
layout there's a gaming mode button at
the top right that disables the Windows
key and some media control keys that can
be accessed with a function modifier
that you'll find at the bottom right it
also features a six to eight key n key
rollover which I understand what they're
saying it's six to eight key rollover
depending on which Keys you're pressing
but that isn't n key rollover hopefully
they can get that fixed on their site
soon and hopefully one of these days
I'll get through a review of Thermaltake
product without finding errors or typos
on their box or website but anyway
there's cable management down here so
the cable can come out the right left
they've also got nice high quality
rubber grips on the bottom even on the
foldout elevator piece that allows you
to incline the keyboard the whole bottom
of it is grippy and thumbs up for that
but let's get into what is the
difference why is it cheaper well
because manufacturing in China is
cheaper for all kinds of reasons cheaper
labor and lower costs associated with
transporting the switches to the
factories where the completed keyboards
watch will be assembled just to name a
couple when you trade though in my
experience is looser manufacturing
tolerances I've used a couple of Kail
blue switch keyboards so far and this
one is noticeably heavier than any
Cherry MX blue or even other Kail blue
keyboard that I've used before closer to
Cherry MX greens than to Cherry MX blue
is just from typing on them and that's
the difference I mean look at this you
can probably even hear the difference
Cherry MX blue kale blue well trust me
there you can hear the difference even
if you can't pick it up on the mic one
cherry MX keyboard to another there will
be variants as well but with a newer
less proven manufacturer the potential
for us to discover significant
differences from batch to batch is
definitely still there okay then - is it
okay for Thermaltake to do this doesn't
it feel deceptive and you know what no I
don't think so honestly I'm pretty okay
with the way Thermaltake is doing it
they're not calling the switch is
something that they're not they're just
calling them TT eSports certified
mechanical blue switches all things that
they are and more importantly they're
passing at least some of the savings on
to the customer in the form of a lower
price and a longer five-year warranty
period this contrasts with razor's
approach where they also discontinued
all their cherry MX based keyboards but
then charged exactly the same amount for
the newer models with Chinese switches
something that they may feel justified
in doing since they're now rating their
switches at 60 million keystrokes versus
50 million keystrokes but I would have
liked to see a token discount or a
longer warranty to go along with the
longer waiting on the switches or
something at least so there you have it
this video ended up being more about
kale than about the Poseidon's II but
that really is the main story here
anyway thank you for watching guys like
this video if you liked it dislike it if
you just liked it share it if you
thought it was fantastic and other
people need to see it not the good
things and all that don't forget there
is a support link in the video
description you can buy t-shirts you can
give us a monthly contribution you can
I'm sure there are other things you
is you can change your bookmarks to
sites like Amazon to one that includes
our affiliate code so we get a kickback
whenever you buy pantyhose or whatever
it is that you need and I think that
pretty much wraps it up thank you for
watching and as always don't forget to
subscribe to Linus tech tips from
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos
you